[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we're with Ricardo Gonzalez,
author and researcher for Peru
who has experience with
multiple direct contacts
with an extraterrestrial
species called the Apunians.
Ricardo, welcome to the show.
>>RICARDO GONZALEZ:
Thank you, Emery.
>>EMERY: How do we
understand beings of light
and what is your
experience with them?
>>GONZALEZ: As you recall,
Emery, on other occasions,
we've talked about
my experiences
with extraterrestrial
contact, including
the ability of these beings who
have a human aspect to project
themselves as figures of light.
However, now we are
talking about something
completely different.
We're talking about
entities of energy
made of light who could
not necessarily be called
extraterrestrial entities.
I would venture
to say that there
are beings of pure
energy and consciousness
who coexist with us.
The first time I
had an encounter
with this type of being,
it happened in my country,
in Peru, during a trip
to the Andes mountains
to the city of Cusco.
I had some very
clear, lucid dreams
where I saw myself walking
through some caves very close
to archaeological ruins.
So I decided to
go on an impulse.
And I made this trip to Cusco.
In Cusco, I met a friend, Sergio
Waman, a shaman from the area.
I didn't tell him anything about
the dream I had which motivated
me to travel to the Andes.
I just wanted to see
Sergio because he's
a very knowledgeable
shaman who had participated
in other experiences
with us on expeditions.
Then Sergio said to me, I
want to show you something.
I want to show you
some caves that
are very close to some
archaeological ruins.
And I, obviously,
was taken aback
because I hadn't told him
anything about my dream.
So obviously, I
decided to go with him.
And we traveled to the
heights of the city of Cusco
where there are some caves.
There at the top
of the Mountain,
there's a very famous
archaeological site
called Sacsayhuaman.
The caves that I
mentioned were very
close to those
archaeological ruins.
As you well know,
Emery, when you
go to Cusco, the
pyramids of Egypt
or to any archaeological
site, they are full of people.
But there wasn't a soul there
when we arrived at these caves.
These caves are known as
Zone X because according
to my local sources,
there are people
who have been lost
in those caves
and they are very
strange, magical.
Then the shaman said to
me, let's go into the caves
and do a ceremony to
connect with the Earth.
It's called the Ceremony
of the Pachamama.
Just then, I see
out of the corner
of my eye at the bottom
of one of the caves,
a white light quickly
go by, like a figure.
So I wanted to go in to see
what it was and the shaman got
nervous and said,
no, let's not go in.
We have to leave.
And I stood very firm and said
to myself, no, I want to go in.
I want to see what's going
on, what it's all about.
And I got up and went into the
cave and the shaman said to me,
I'm staying here.
I'm not going with you.
Besides, I have a headache.
And it was then,
Emery, that I entered
that blessed cave, that sparks
began to fly from the ceiling
and walls of the cave.
It's a group of
natural caves there,
but there are some
traces of human handiwork
as if they had
polished some rocks,
making some type of beams.
Archaeologists believe that
the deformation of some
of the rocks, or
making holes in them,
is part of the Incan Empire.
So as I was telling
you, sparks were
coming from this cave like
lights, like fireflies,
everywhere.
A very bright white, as if
they were a very strong static.
It wasn't a mental vision.
I mean, it was
happening, it was real.
Then a very bright,
dense fog arose
from the bottom of
the cave and from it
emerged a tall, very
thin humanoid figure.
It was as if that figure were
made of that same bright fog.
I call it a fog,
but it wasn't fog.
It was a light with
substance, with density.
I couldn't see features
on this luminous creature,
only that they had a head
and a kind of human structure
with arms.
I stayed completely still.
I couldn't do anything
except contemplate it.
This being, or whatever
it was, raised its arms
in this position.
I was doing the same thing.
And it came toward me
and it almost touched me,
joining its palms with mine.
The figure was taller
than me and very luminous.
There were ideas which came
to me from this being, to me.
It told me something like this:
despite all the difficulties
that you are facing
as a human species,
you should know that you are not
alone, that we other creatures
are coexisting with you and
that to the best of our ability,
we will support you.
And then this figure
disappeared into the bright fog.
When I came out of the
cave, practically running
with my heart pumping
like boom, boom, boom,
I went looking
for the shaman who
had stayed outside to tell
him: Sergio, Sergio, come
into the cave with me.
Come with me, I want
to show you something.
And Sergio was
trembling, isn't it?
Shaking, right?
And he said, I want
to tell you something.
I want to tell you something.
I didn't want to
stay outside alone.
And I followed you.
I was in the cave and after
seeing you standing there
with that tall,
luminous thing, I'm
not going to go
back in there again.
That is to say that the shaman
had quietly gone with me
and he also saw the
same creature of light.
This was my first clear,
definitive encounter
with one of these entities.
>>EMERY: Who are they, Ricardo?
And what are they?
And what messages
did you receive?
>>GONZALEZ: Talking about
the nature of these entities
is very complex, Emery.
And I'm going to give
you an example so you
can see how fascinating it is.
This experience
occurred in 1998.
I was a 24-year-old kid.
At that moment, I
thought that the being
of light that I had seen could
be some luminous projection
of some extraterrestrial entity
because I was interpreting it
according to my paradigm, to
my knowledge at that time.
However, when I asked
the shaman, what do
you think it was that you saw?
He told me it was the spirit of
one of our ancestors in Cusco.
>>EMERY: So who was right?
The shaman or your
own perception?
>>GONZALEZ: This is
a very good question
because contact experiences
are always according
to our own perceptions.
Our description is
the same and we both
observed the same entity,
but our cultural background,
our prior knowledge made each
of us interpret in our own way
what we had seen.
Now over the years and
with the other experiences
that I've had with
these beings of energy,
I now have a clearer idea
of what it was that I saw.
As I was saying,
while it is true
extraterrestrial beings
with a tangible body
can generate
projections of light
and one could also have a
vision of a human figure that
corresponds to someone
who has passed,
or that a person sees a luminous
figure that could correspond
according to his beliefs to
someone who has already passed,
who died.
This is a deeply rooted
belief within shamanism.
In this case, what we
experienced in Cusco
was something else.
A real revelation.
There are beings
of pure energy who
emerge like this, who
were born like this,
who exist in that form.
There are not human spirits,
according to shamanism.
And they are also not
aliens projecting themselves
as luminous figures.
They are a type of
consciousness that lives
in the vortices of the Earth.
And they are not in human form.
That entity used a human form to
establish communication with me
so I would feel comfortable.
>>EMERY: When people think
about beings of light,
they may think also
they're inter-dimensional
or they have some certain
density or frequency.
Not like us, we're 3D.
So how do you describe them?
>>GONZALEZ: I believe that
these beings have no human form.
From what I've learned, not
only from this experience,
but from similar experiences
that I have lived through
over time, they are simply
consciousnesses of energy
that are not governed by
our concept of space time.
So what they do
when they contact
a human is to adapt
themselves and they
can take on a human form to make
the dialogue more comfortable
so that the witness who
is living that experience
will feel more comfortable.
Obviously, the origin of these
beings is a great mystery.
But apparently, the universe is
very well organized on Earth.
With its own laws, geometry,
manifestations of energy
where these types of entities
which are unknown to us
could emerge from what
some call vortices.
These entities predate
the human species itself.
And this has nothing to do with
conventional extraterrestrial
contact.
>>EMERY: How do they
come into our dimension
so that we are aware of them and
are they also from Earth maybe?
Where are they from?
>>GONZALEZ: Maybe they come
from a world parallel to ours,
as you say, but let me tell
you about a shamanic belief
from Cusco.
In ancient times, the
priests of the Andes
who lived in that
region believed
that Pachamama,
Mother Earth, had
some sacred,
special points where
the Gods manifested themselves.
The Andean belief suggests
that there are lines of force
that run throughout the world.
The Native name for these lines
of energy is seches in Quechua
and where these seches, or these
lines of force join, huacas,
sacred places are formed.
So according to this belief
in Cusco and in the Andes,
in general, in the
huacas, you can
connect with other universes
or other realities.
Then these beings of light
flow through the huacas,
or these portals,
from another reality.
In Andean belief, these
beings are also called 単aupas,
which means ancient ancestor.
For a segment of
Peruvian shamanism,
the 単aupas are the
spirits of the ancestors.
But for another
segment of shamanism,
the 単aupas are something else.
The 単aupas are considered
wise beings who lived on Earth
before humans.
And a very fascinating
detail, Emery,
that will surely interest
you for your research,
these places where
these entities of light
manifests themselves are usually
sites of many reports of UFO
sightings.
Two different phenomena,
coexisting in the same site
and not by chance.
>>EMERY: When these beings
of light interact with us,
is it some sort of higher
information being downloaded?
>>GONZALEZ: Yes.
I believe that there is a deep
level of information that comes
from contact with these beings.
In the experiences of
extraterrestrial contact
that I've described before,
for example, with the Apunians,
the information is profound.
It is extraordinary,
but different.
In the case of these
beings of light,
of energy, who are natural
guardians of the vortices
of the Earth, I would dare
call the experience initiatory
because when entering
these vortices
it's like entering a temple.
A temple that is not governed
by our laws of space and time.
And they function
as true oracles
so the level of information
that emerges in these vortices
with these beings of light has
that initiatory and spiritually
revelatory seal.
And these type of
vortices, of course,
do not only exist in
the Peruvian Andes,
all over the world.
And it is likely that
someone has lived experiences
with these vortices
and with these beings
and has labeled the experience
as extraterrestrial.
When in fact, it was another
even deeper phenomenon.
>>EMERY: Is there a connection
with these ethereal light
beings and the UFO phenomenon?
>>GONZALEZ: I have no doubt
about that connection.
I wouldn't dare say that
these beings of light
work together with aliens
of physical aspect.
I don't know how to describe
that kind of relationship.
But what I have
understood is that
the extraterrestrial beings that
are in our reality who manifest
themselves through vehicles and
devices in this zone of power
are fully aware of the
existence of these vortices
and their guardians.
And regarding
those vortices, I'm
convinced that every approach
of extraterrestrial beings
is connected.
In fact, I'm going to tell you
something very interesting.
In the extraterrestrial
messages that I
affirm to have received,
both in my case,
as well as from others
contacted in Latin America,
these extraterrestrial
beings suggested
that we go to this or
that place in the world
because important information
that we had to know
was located in those
places as if we
were going to cosmic
information terminals on Earth.
And that's why I traveled all
over the world, as you know,
living extraordinary experiences
guided by extraterrestrials.
Although this sounds like a
dream, a science fiction movie,
but they led us
to these vortices
to meet these guardians.
At first, obviously,
I lived this
in a very naive and simple
way like the experience
I just discussed in Cusco.
But we came to know--
and now we are convinced--
that everything is connected.
>>EMERY: You called them the
guardians of the vortexes.
How do they refer to themselves?
>>GONZALEZ: That is a very
complex question to answer.
I will try to develop an
explanation because they,
although it is true,
do adapt to our reality
and can assume human
form, do communicate
with you through
dreams or in person
and you listen in your own
language what these beings are
transmitting,
usually these beings
do not present themselves
describing names or functions.
They just exist.
And what they tell us
is that they have long
been flowing through the
consciousness of vortices.
And they are the ones
who maintain the balance,
or guard those
manifestations of energy.
So in one way or another,
they describe themselves
as guardians of the
consciousness of the vortices.
>>EMERY: Let's go
back to the cave
when you were inside the cave.
How did they
communicate with you
and what did they say, Ricardo?
>>GONZALEZ: As I said, when
that being of light arose,
it approached me.
It had acquired a human
form made of that bright fog
and brought, what I call,
its arms closer to me
in this position.
And at that moment, I had
sensations, visions and a voice
in my head speaking to me.
What I felt came
from that entity,
which gave me the message I
told you minutes ago, that we
are not alone.
That in some manner, these
beings have been with us.
I believe that the main
method of communication
that these beings have is
through the dormant faculties
of our mind, which allows us
to listen, feel and interpret
subtle information
because these beings have
no brain, no physical body,
no flesh and blood like us.
I would not use the term
telepathy as we know it.
I would call this phenomenon
spiritual communication.
Let's see, I'll try
to better explain it
because it's very
difficult. For example,
in extraterrestrial contact,
when we have received messages
or had some kind of interaction
with extraterrestrial beings,
the connection is
felt in a mental form
when they have communicated.
I'm sure this has happened to
you with your own experiences.
You feel that communication
is more in this area.
But with these
beings of light, it's
happening at the same
time in your entire being.
It is more like a
communion of spirits.
I know this may sound like a
new age thing or too mystical,
but I have no better
words to describe it.
It is a spiritual communication
with beings of light
who live with us on Earth.
>>EMERY: Can we initiate
contact with these light beings
at will?
>>GONZALEZ: Remember I told you
that the first contact happened
at a time in my life
of great innocence
because I'd only been
living these phenomena
for a few years,
investigating them.
I tried to face the experiences
without overthinking them.
Obviously, as the
years have gone by,
you become more pensive,
more intellectual,
trying to discern, to
explain everything.
But it was precisely,
Emery, that innocence,
which in reality was
nothing more than purity,
that opens something.
I have the feeling that these
beings feel, powerfully,
what you are, what
it is that you think.
And I think I opened my heart.
I innocently turned myself
over to the experience.
And they decided to
manifest themselves.
In fact, in ancient
shamanic traditions in Peru,
to connect with the
Gods of the huacas,
the natives fasted
for prolonged periods.
They went through many
purification techniques
to deserve to enter those
places in altered states
of consciousness.
They even made use of
hallucinogenic plants
to try to more rapidly
enter into these vortices.
They use psychotropics to
help their minds to penetrate
these other states of reality.
However, what these beings
have somehow transmitted to
us is that we do
not need anything
outside ourselves,
only our consciousness
and our true intentions.
To open the portals of
the invisible worlds,
it doesn't matter how much you
jump, dance, what you drink,
what external things you do if
you don't have an open heart
and if these beings do not
decide to, no matter what
you do, it will be in vain.
That is why many
researchers who go
to these types of special places
pursuing an experience almost
always fail because these
matters should not be lived
as if you were Indiana Jones.
You have to live them
with humility and respect.
>>EMERY: What do you think their
goal and agenda is, especially
when they communicate
with humans?
>>GONZALEZ: I believe
that there must
be a very deep purpose for these
beings to manifest themselves
to human beings.
And I think, in this sense,
the shamans are right, again.
These beings want to give the
consciousness of the Earth back
to us from the sources of
wisdom of the Pachamama,
or Mother Earth.
And when we feel alone or
affected by all the things
that happen in the
world, we may always
return to the lap
of Mother Earth,
to their natural temples, to
their vortices, which in a way,
touch our lack of knowledge in
an attempt to try to help us
become wiser and
more responsible.
I believe that the
goal of these beings
is to reveal to us that there
is this magical structure
in our world, connected
to the universe which
has important information.
>>EMERY: Ricardo,
why do you think
they chose you to have
this personal experience?
>>GONZALEZ: My
answer is not going
to be much different
than what I've
told you in other interviews.
When we have
spoken, for example,
of my extraterrestrial
contact without falling
into a false humility.
I'm not a special person.
The special thing
is the experience,
the message, not the messenger.
But in both extraterrestrial
contact, which we've already
discussed here and
this phenomenon
of beings of light
and vortices, I
think these intelligences took
into consideration my ability
to reach other people.
I don't know how, but these
creatures, these entities
felt beforehand that
I was going to reach
a lot of people in the world.
Think about this, I come from
Peru, a poor country considered
third world.
How could I imagine,
being so young,
that I would be traveling
all over the world sharing
this information and
these experiences?
This shows that, as
contact witnesses,
we are not important.
What is important is
the agenda behind it.
I don't know how, I swear, but
these beings knew ahead of time
that I could reach many
people with this message.
And look at us now, Emery.
We're back together
on your show,
sharing this information
which I am convinced--
beyond reaching
only the intellect
of the people who
are watching us now--
we're also reaching
their hearts.
>>EMERY: Very well put, Ricardo.
Thank you so much for
being on the show.
>>GONZALEZ: Thank you, Emery.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith and
this is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.
NARRATOR: Next on
Cosmic Disclosure,
the extraterrestrial beings
who are in contact with me,
these beings were very
insistent in telling me
different groups of
extraterrestrial origin
were involved in our
reality a long time ago.
And this connection we have
with ancient extraterrestrial
civilizations, all that
information is in us.
It's not only in our genetics,
but also in our being.
This cosmic plan,
what it seeks is
for us to find the glimmer
of light in the darkness
and through it, we
gain redemption.
[THEME MUSIC]